Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to display the product description, but before then we are going to
have a test over here which is going to say item description, okay, not to do this.
The test is going to look very similar to that of the test we have in the profile screen.
So what we can do is we can copy it like this repeated divider.
And you can see we have this raw widget and we can copy from this to this part over here and use and
to copy and back to the detail screen.
Product detail and how you newcomer.
And then we're going to paste it right there.
And over here, we have to change this title.
To say, heighten this corruption.
Okay.
Click on this and see what we are missing.
I think we have to get rid of that.
This country needs to save and go check it out.
You're going to see a test of DNA, which is going to say item description.
And you can see basically we have we are using a row and we have a size box basically for the divider.
And you can see we are saying the thickness is going to be one and the color is going to be colors that
gray.
And we are saying main axes alignment means us alignment of center to take it to the center.
Okay.
And now we can then have another test.
What we can just do is we can copy this test.
And we're going to pace this right after the road.
Right.
Okay.
Is this and get rid of this.
And we have to call the product list, variable product list.
And now we can then say product description.
Ed.
Sorry, I just turned a corner and used Katrina as a save and go check it out.
Okay.
Now you can see we can't screw.
Right.
So what we can then do is we can grab this column widget with a widget known as single child scroll
view wrap with widget and single child.
Single child screw view and use control and save.
And now we are going to be able to screw.
Okay.
Some school.
Right.
And what we could also do is this test which at.
We can wrap it with a pardon.
And maybe for all sides.
We can just go with the age old side.
Age is okay.
Okay.
Sounds cool.
And we can also have for the similar products.
So we can copy this again.
Copy this.
Again, it ends over here.
And right after the pardon.
Right.
This this and this is going to say.
See Miller.
Similar.
Item.
Okay.
Scroll down.
Also, we can change the color of this test.
CALLER.
Where are you?
Okay, Carlos, that's great.
We could just say sorry.
Not that, but over here, we could just say it because.
A sign.
And over here, instead of green, we can say colors the sign in its control and ask to save.
Okay.
And now what we can then do for now we can just return the products under the similar item.
So to do that outside this room, we are going to have a sized sized box and a child.
Then the child is going to be the stream view stream viewer.
So what we can just do, head back to the main, main gallery or women or shows anyone.
Then we are going to copy this computer.
And it's ends over here.
Okay.
And paste.
I think we have to get rid of that comma.
Sorry.
And comma.
And what we have to do is to import it, import this.
We also have to import the product model, and we also have to import this.
Okay.
Click on this.
We also do have to import those query snapshots.
And also you can see this is not found.
So what we have to do, again, is to.
Copy this.
And back to the product screen.
And.
We are going to paste this right over here.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And for now, we can just return all our products, or maybe we can just go with this for now and in
the future, we are going to be able to filter similar products.
Okay.
Now use control and save.
It will take some time.
Okay.
Sims.
Cool.
So as you can see, we are basically featuring for the main cuts, sorry for the main category.
Or we could just get rid of this right now to display all our products.
Or we can just go with this one now.
Okay.
Sounds good.
So similar to like I said, in the future, we are going to be able to filter a similar item.
But for now, we are basically just returning the main category.
Look, you can see the men category.
Okay.
We can just check other product to make sure it's working as expected.
It's going to go back and.
Sorry.
We basically just have to maybe hold we start this.
Continue from here.
Okay, guys, see you.